JavaScript: Allow specifying additional remote flow sources through JSON. (#4802)
github/codeql: docs/codeql/codeql-language-guides/codeql-for-javascript.rst

-  :doc:`Using flow labels for precise data flow analysis <using-flow-labels-for-precise-data-flow-analysis>`: You can associate flow labels with each value tracked by the flow analysis to determine whether the flow contains potential vulnerabilities.

> -  :doc:`Specifying remote flow sources for JavaScript <specifying-additional-remote-flow-sources-for-javascript>`: You can model potential sources of untrusted user input in external files without making changes to the CodeQL standard library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  :doc:`Specifying remote flow sources for JavaScript <specifying-additional-remote-flow-sources-for-javascript>`: You can model potential sources of untrusted user input in your code without making changes to the CodeQL standard library by specifying extra remote flow sources in an external file.
```
